# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

in console.rb file.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

In property.rb file.

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

4,13,22,31,33

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Because, sql is creating an id for us.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

We assign id in property.rb file by adding and instance variable to initilize method.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

To check, before assigning, if it exists in our database.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

class method is more general and instance method is more specific, so we can use it to create new input to the table.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

A hash is returned or an array of hashes. By specifing at first the index and then a key, like this: [0]["id"]

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

To make database operations efficient.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

an id and address

Q11. What are their return values?

whole row from a table that contains this id or this address.
